well howdy there and enough people it's
Bo again so I guess we're gonna talk
about the big news you know given the
fact that news footage right now looks
like a montage that occurs before a
post-apocalyptic science fiction film I
guess probably time to talk about it
again you go back to the first video I
did on this subject general tone is
here's factual information stay calm let
the experts do their job because I
wrongly assumed that the experts would
be allowed to do their jobs right now
the the tone in the media is that the
president can't come up with a plan to
deal with this can't come up with a plan
to battle this well maybe he's just been
too busy battling the deep state you
know so because of that his resources
are limited might be a good time to
disclose and discuss what that really is
the deep state are those people who are
in non-political positions that survive
transfers of power that provide a
continuity of government that's what
they are those would be the people that
know the president doesn't have to come
up with a plan because we've had them on
the books since the 1960s I don't think
the fact that this wasn't intentionally
done by the Soviets really changes much
on the ground as far as what needs to be
done these plans exist we've spent
billions developing them over the
decades and they're sitting idle it's
almost as if the president is more
concerned about the economy then he is
the three to six percent of people who
are truly at risk since the president
seems to only be motivated by
self-interest I would like to remind the
administration that those at risk are
age 50 and up really that's where it
really hits hard that's your base the
president did not get a majority of any
age demographic until you hit that range
there's your self-interest we have
experts we have plans all it takes is
for the administration to get out of the
way the president does not need to come
up with a plan they already exist those
evil deep state people they have them
they know what they are see burn units
are not paid for what they can or what
they do on a daily basis they don't do
much they're paid for what they can do
when they need to this seems like a
situation where they could be utilized
call me crazy
and if the administration is too
distracted unwilling or just doesn't
care
doesn't have the desire to enact these
plans or at least allow these people to
serve as advisors maybe these plans
should be given to the governors of the
various states so they can make some
attempt to help their citizens this
president is more concerned about the
economy and that was plain in his
address then he is his voters literally
his voters not just American citizens
those people who support him we have the
plans we don't need the president we
certainly don't need Jared Kushner
deciding what to do
the plans exist they were developed by
professionals experts over decades and
they're sitting idle
the trigger for the event doesn't matter
the strategies and tactics used to
contain it they exist and they're going
to be the same billions and when the
time comes to use it we have a president
that is too distracted by Fox News and
Twitter to enact them it might be time
for the governor's to actually reach out
talk to DoD talk to their National Guard
because I'm fairly certain that the
National Guard has asked them as well as
access anyway wash your hands social
distancing if you're at risk you know
stay home this is all information that
should be constantly coming from the
federal government should be on social
media everywhere being blasted out from
every possible channel but they don't
want to do that because they don't want
to worry anybody because they're
concerned about the economy but longer
this goes on the worse the economy is
going to get the stock market does not
like uncertainty this is a very
uncertain situation so not just as he
concerned with protecting the wrong
thing he's failing at protecting that
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day